Fix broken YC Deal page links in handbook (#17150)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/handbook/company/merch-store.md

### YC Deal

> You can find instructions for this on the dedicated [YC Deal page](/yc-onboarding).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can find instructions for this on the dedicated [YC Deal page](/handbook/brand/startups).
```
